You agree?
Make a little money
Otherwise
Can you wait for bankruptcy?
Grandpa
We got a head start on all your plans
You have no way out.
If you kneel down and kowtow to us now and apologize
I can mercifully reward you with one.
Let your pants
Excuse me.
I'm not even going to give you a pair of panties
Give me the cigar
Yo
Dog stuff, what do you compare to our cigars?
Our cigars belong to the gods now
It can easily crush your tiger to death.
The first brother's connection is all lit up
everyone
Today is Xu Changsheng's birthday
I'm going to show you a mine shoveling show.
Mr. Xu is not good
The eggplant above has been planned recently.
The rock well we bought earlier
It's all gone.
Not at all
It's okay, just a little mistake
Mr. Zhu is not good
We used to collect ancient coins in Dayetian
Wait a minute, it fell a thousand times
Worthless